---
inFeed: true
description: >-
  My most recent business was in Tampa, Florida for a Metabolic Therapeutics
  conference. Here’s who I worked with and sponsored the event:
dateModified: '2017-02-06T15:27:11.441Z'
datePublished: '2017-02-06T15:27:11.896Z'
title: The Skipper From Kansas
author: []
publisher: {}
via: {}
sourcePath: _posts/2016-12-20-about-me.md
hasPage: true
starred: false
datePublishedOriginal: '2017-02-06T00:28:30.810Z'
url: the-skipper-from-kansas/index.html
_type: Article

---
# The Skipper From Kansas

## Currently working in Kansas and travel when it calls for it.

My most recent business was in Tampa, Florida for a Metabolic Therapeutics conference. Here's who I worked with and sponsored the event:

1. [Helio Food Company][0] (Who I work with)
2. The Epigenix Foundation (Presenting Sponsor)
3. Quest Keto (Platinum Sponsor)
4. Pruvit (Gold Sponsor)
5. Keto Sports (Silver Sponsor)
6. The Charlie Foundation, Max Love Project, Dry Farm Wines, Bulletproof, Restore, Keto Kookie, KetoVie, Ketogenic.com, Ample Foods, Kegenix (Bronze Sponsors)

---

## MY BIO

My first day "out" of college (2015) I was on an airplane to Croatia for a week long Skipper Academy. This was the ONE THING I had been working for the previous 5 months.

I passed the academy and worked for 7 weeks as a Yacht Week Skipper that summer. My network would never be the same again. And that was the goal; to build a worldwide network of young professionals and millennials.

I did it because I listened to podcasts, read the Four Hour Workweek, and loved the idea of lifestyle design. I didn't want to pretend that the parties were everything anymore. Simply put, I_wanted to be in The Arena and not just watching from the outside..._

Now, I work Helio Food Company. I'm a Videographer honored and enthusiastic about the task on my hands---to document and distribute positive true transparent social media.

My top Priorities:

1. Promote The Science and Personal Experimenting with metabolic therapeutics and \#KetoClarity \#HelioFoodCompany \#KetoCommunity \#LowCarbHighFat

[0]: http://www.heliofoodcompany.com/